Remove `Filter input` as this component is now part of our internal design system (#692)
primer/design: content/components/data-table.mdx

### Filtering

> A [filter input (internal)](https://ui.githubapp.com/storybook/?path=/docs/recipes-filter--readme) is used to write a query and only show rows that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [filter input (GitHub staff only)](https://ui.githubapp.com/storybook/?path=/docs/recipes-filter--readme) is used to write a query and only show rows that
```

I believe this is how we typically denote content in primer.style that is inaccessible to non-Hubbers.
